docs: configuring the Open VSX registry URL (#2501)
codenvy/che-docs: modules/administration-guide/pages/configuring-the-open-vsx-registry-url.adoc

:_content-type: PROCEDURE

> :description: Open VSX registry URL
> :keywords: administration guide, configuring, openvsx, registry
> :navtitle: Configuring Open VSX registry URL

Author: ```suggestion
:description: Configuring the Open VSX registry URL for all {prod} workspaces
:keywords: administration guide, configuring, openvsx, registry
:navtitle: Open VSX registry URL
```

:page-aliases:

[id="configuring-the-open-vsx-registry-url"]
= Configuring the Open VSX registry URL

> To search and install extensions, the Visual Studio Code editor is using an embedded Open VSX registry instance.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To search and install extensions, the Visual Studio Code editor uses an embedded Open VSX registry instance.
```

> You can configure {prod-short} to rather use your Open VSX registry instance.

Reviewer: Maybe:

You can configure {prod-short} to use your Open VSX registry instance instead.

Author: I believe style guide doesn't like "instead".

Reviewer: ok, maybe something like:

"You can also configure {prod-short} to use your own Open VSX registry instance" and add on "rather than the embedded one" if required.

It is just the position of the word "rather " that feels off.

Author: ```suggestion
You can also configure {prod-short} to use another Open VSX registry instance rather than the embedded one.
```

.Procedure

> * Set the URL of your Open VSX registry instance in the CheClustor Custom Resource `spec.components.pluginRegistry.openVSXURL` field.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Set the URL of your Open VSX registry instance in the CheCluster Custom Resource `spec.components.pluginRegistry.openVSXURL` field.
```
